>> Woodruff: ALL EYES ARE ON THE
U.S. AND RUSSIA TO CRAFT A PLAN
TO SEIZE CONTROL OF SYRIA'S
CHEMICAL WEAPONS AND AVOID
MILITARY ACTION.
>> Ifill: WE GET TWO TAKES ON
THE PRESIDENT'S PUSH FOR
DIPLOMATIC AND MILITARY ACTION.
FROM FORMER NATIONAL SECURITY
ADVISOR ZBIGNIEW BRZEZINSKI
AND SENATOR JOHN McCAIN.
>> THE QUESTION IS WHETHER THE
RUSSIANS ARE REALLY SINCERE IN
THIS EFFORT.
>> Woodruff: NEW YORK CITY MAYOR
MICHAEL BLOOMBERG IS NOT ON THE
BALLOT, BUT HARI SREENIVASSAN
REPORTS HIS LEGACY HAS DOMINATED
THE RACE TO REPLACE HIM.
>> NEW YORK CITY IS THRIVING.
ITS ECONOMY IS GROWING.
CRIME IS AT HISTORIC LOWS.
AND THE CITY'S 8 MILLION
RESIDENTS ARE HEALTHIER AND
LIVING LONGER THAN A DECADE AGO.
>> Ifill: MARGARET WARNER SITS
DOWN WITH EGYPT'S PRIME
MINISTER, AS THE COUNTRY IS
DIVIDED BY YET ANOTHER POLITICAL
CRISIS.
>> Woodruff: GD EVOOENING.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S "PBS NEWSHOUR."